# What are Cookies

This site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer,
to improve your experience. This page explains what information they gather,
how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also
describe how you can prevent our cookies from being stored.

## How We Use Cookies

We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most
cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without
completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site.
It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether
you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.

## Disabling Cookies

You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your
browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling
cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you
visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain
functionality and features of this site. Therefore it is recommended that you
do not disable cookies.

## The Cookies We Set

If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management
of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually
be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards
to remember your site preferences when logged out.

We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this setting.
This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new
page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to
ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.

This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be
used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain
notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.

From time to time we offer user surveys and questionnaires to provide you
with interesting insights, helpful tools, or to understand our user base more
accurately. These surveys may use cookies to remember who has already taken
part in a survey or to provide you with accurate results after you change
pages.

When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages
or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future
correspondence.

In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the
functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it.
In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this
information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by
your preferences.

## Third Party Cookies

In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties.
The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter
through this site.

This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and
trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use
the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track
things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so
we can continue to produce engaging content.

For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google
Analytics page.

Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that
we can continue to produce engaging content. These cookies may track things
such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to
understand how we can improve the site for you.

From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that
the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies
may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the
site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate
the most.

We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to
connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work, the social
media sites, including Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook, will set cookies
through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their own sites
or to contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in
their own respective privacy policies.

## More Information

Questions, comments and requests regarding this cookie policy are welcomed and
should be addressed to [support@repositive.io](mailto:support@repositive.io).
